Added link to known limitations in SSH agent forwarding documentation (#7251)
microsoft/vscode-docs: remote/advancedcontainers/sharing-git-credentials.md

fi
```

> If you encounter any issues check the Dev Containers' [known limitations](/docs/devcontainers/containers.md#known-limitations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issues, you may want to check the Dev Containers extension's [known limitations](/docs/devcontainers/containers.md#known-limitations).
```
